chore(release): Automated agent release notes (v1.0.7) (#1188)
armory/docs: content/en/armory-enterprise/release-notes/rn-armory-agent/agent-service/agent-service-v-1-0-7.md

---
title: v1.0.7 Armory Agent Service (2022-02-02)
toc_hide: true
version: 01.00.07

---

> Add the capability of wait for the delation of a resource.
> 
> Before this change when a delete operation was attended by the agent, it will not wait for the resource to be deleted, instead of it it will just send the delete operation to kubernetes and return immediately.
> With this change depending on the received delete options, the agent will decide if wait or not for the resource to be delete completed.
> For example : 
> When specify a gracePeriod of 0, or if the account don't has permissions to create a watcher over the resource to be deleted. The agent will return immediately 
> When specify a gracePeriod greater than 0 lets call n, agent will wait a maximum of n seconds to the resource be deleted
> When the gracePeriod is not specified, agent will wait a maximum of 30 seconds to the resource be deleted
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## New feature

The Agent can now wait for the deletion of a resource. Based on the received delete options, the Agent decides if it will wait or not for the resource deletion to be completed.

Before this change, the Agent did not wait for a resource to be deleted when a delete operation was attended to by the Agent. Instead, it sent the delete operation to Kubernetes and returns immediately.

You configure the wait behavior with the `gracePeriod` parameter and providing a duration in seconds. (Default is 30 seconds if the parameter is omitted.)

If specify a `gracePeriod` of 0 or if the account doesn't have permissions to create a watcher over the resource getting deleted, the Agent returns immediately.

When specify a `gracePeriod` greater than 0, the Agent waits up to the configured number of seconds for the resource be deleted.

```
